Yonkers Lyrics[Intro]
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, go

[Verse 1]
I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (Haha)
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (Hey)
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (Haha)
[Chorus]
Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang
[Verse 2]
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn
[Chorus]
Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
[Verse 3]
They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again, another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead425Embed

EARFQUAKE Lyrics[Intro: Tyler, The Creator & Playboi Carti]
For real, for real this time
For real, for real, for real this time
Bitch, I cannot fall short
For real, for real, for real this time (Uh, yeah)
For real, for real, for real this time

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake
Riding around, your love be shakin’ me up
And it's making my heart break
'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake (Earthquake, ooh)
Riding around, your love be shakin’ me up
And it's making my heart break
[Refrain: Tyler, The Creator & Charlie Wilson]
Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault (Girl)
’Cause when it all comes crashing down I’ll need you

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Charlie Wilson]
'Cause you make my earth quake
Oh, you make my earth quake
Riding around, you’re telling me something is bad
And it's making my heart break
'Cause you make my earth quake, oh, you make my earth quake
(Earth quake, yeah)
Riding around, your love be shakin' me up
And it’s making my heart break (You already know)
[Verse 1: Playboi Carti]
We ain't gotta ball, D. Rose, huh
I don't give a fuck 'bout none', huh
Breathin' like fuck my lungs, huh
Just might call my lawyer, huh
Plug gon' set me up, huh (Yeah)
Bih', don't set me up (Okay)
I'm with Tyler, yuh (Slime)
He ride like the car, huh
And she wicked, huh, yuh
Like Woah Vicky, huh, yeah (Like Woah Vicky)
Oh, my God, hold up, um
These diamonds not Tiffany, huh, yeah (Woah, woah)
So in love (I been so in love)
So in love (I been so in love)
[Refrain: Tyler, The Creator & Charlie Wilson]
Don't leave, it's my fault (Fault)
Don't leave, it's my fault
Don't leave, it's my fault (Igor, ayy)
'Cause when it all comes crashing down I'll need you (Ayy, ayy)

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator & Charlie Wilson]
'Cause you make my earth quake
I don't want no confrontation, no
And you don't want my conversation (I don't want no conversation)
I just need some confirmation on how you feel, for real (For real)
You don't want no complication, no
I don't want no side information (I don't want no side information)
I just need to know what's happening
'Cause I'm for real (For real)

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
I said don't leave, it's my fault (One)
I said don't leave, it's my fault (Two, two)
Don't leave, it's, it's my fault, girl (Three, three, three)
Don't, do-do-do-do-do, I'll need—288Embed

See You Again Lyrics[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o-
[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
You live in my dream state
Relocate my fantasy
I stay in reality
You live in my dream state
Any time I count sheep
That's the only time we make up, make up
You exist behind my eyelids, my eyelids
Now, I don't wanna wake up

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator, with Kali Uchis]
20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
So...
[Chorus: Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator]
Can I get a kiss?
And can you make it last forever?
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (Uh-huh)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said, I'm 'bout to go to war (I'm 'bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again
Ugh, switch it up

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I said, okay, okay, okay, okey-dokey, my infatuation
Is translating to another form of what you call it? (Love)
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, I ain't met you, I've been looking
Stop the waiting 'fore I stop the chasing, like an alcoholic
"You don't understand me"—what the fuck do you mean?
It's them rose-tinted cheeks, yeah, it's them dirt-colored eyes
Sugar-honey iced tea, bumblebee on the scene
Yeah, I'd give up my bakery to have a piece of your pie
Ugh!

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator, with Kali Uchis]
20/20, 20/20 vision
Cupid hit me, cupid hit me with precision, eye
Wonder if you look both ways when you cross my mind
I said, I said
I'm sick of, sick of, sick of, sick of chasing
You're the one that's always running through my daydreams, I
I can only see your face when I close my eyes
So...
[Chorus: Kali Uchis]
Can I get a kiss? (Can I get a kiss?)
And can you make it last forever? (Make it last forever)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to go to war)
I don't know if I'ma see you again (See you again)
Can I get a kiss? (Can I?)
And can you make it last forever? (Can you?)
I said I'm 'bout to go to war ('Bout to)
And I don't know if I'ma see you again

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator & Kali Uchis]
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la, la la)
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, o—
(La la, la la la la, la la
La la, la la la la)
One more time?177Embed

IFHY Lyrics[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
'Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves
Shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty-four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
'Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts, fuck
I love you
Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow?
Yeah, that's good
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest can make me the saddest
Look Alice, let's get lost in your wonder-er-land, fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathin'
And you'll see the meaning of stalkin'
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seein' with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evenin'
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
'Cause when I hear your name, I cannot stop cheesin'
I love you so much that my heart stops beatin' when you're leavin'
And I'm grievin' and my heart starts bleedin'
Life without you has no goddamn meanin'
Sorry, I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I fall for you, but I love you
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

[Refrain: Tyler, The Creator & Pharrell Williams]
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it tonight
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling girl, let's try to catch it
The sky's falling bitch, let's try to catch it tonight
[Verse 2: Pharrell Williams & (Tyler, The Creator)]
C'mon baby, even though I hate you, I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (Fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him, haha (Look)
(Look, I wanna strangle you, 'til you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator as Wolf and Salem]
"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"244Embed

She Lyrics[Verse 1: Frank Ocean]
Golden rubbers in these denim pockets (Denim pockets)
On my waist, there's a black Glock (Black Glock)
New girl moved on the block (On the block)
She been plottin' on my brown cock (Brown cock)
Last night I slept over hers (Over hers)
During sex, I overheard (I overheard)
A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na
Rolled off the bed, then shot back, pow-pow
Blood on the sheets, probably spillin' from my gash
Looked out the glass, seen him sprintin' on the grass
A real ninja, with the blade and the mask
Had them gold ninja stars, and red Supreme nunchuks
Now she tryna patch me up, but
Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust
If that's your ex, you should probably own a pistol
But I'm guessin' it's wiser to exit with dude
[Chorus: Frank Ocean & Tyler, The Creator]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window (Swag)
He's at your window

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga with intentions that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one (Nope)
But I give two for us 'cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top, I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn from Adventure Time
[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt
[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt
[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
And you touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
But check your window
He's at your window
The blinds wide open so he can
See you in the dark when you're sleepin'
Naked body, fresh out the shower
You touch yourself after hours
Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom
You're sleeping alone in bed
He's at your window

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous208Embed

NEW MAGIC WAND Lyrics[Intro: Jerrod Carmichael]
Sometimes you gotta close a door to open a window

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
I saw a photo, you looked joyous
My eyes are green, I eat my veggies
I need to get her out the picture
She's really fuckin' up my frame
She's not developed like we are

[Refrain: Tyler, The Creator]
Like magic, like magic, like magic, gone
New magic, new magic, new magic wand
Like magic, like magic, like magic, gone (Nigga)
New magic (Woo), new magic, new magic wand
[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
My brother said I'm on the spectrum
Don't call me selfish, I hate sharin'
This 60-40 isn't workin'
I want a hundred of your time, you're mine

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Santigold & Jessy Wilson]
Please don't leave me now
Please don't leave me now (Don't leave)
Please don't leave me now
Please don't leave me now (Don't leave)
Please don't leave me now (Don't leave)
(Like magic, like magic, like magic, gone)
Please don't leave me now (I can make her leave)
(New magic, new magic, new magic wand)
Please don't leave me now (Don't leave)
(Like magic, like magic, like magic, gone)
Please don't leave me now
(New magic, new magic, new magic wand)

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator & Santigold & Jessy Wilson]
I wanna be found, passenger in your car (Don't leave)
You wanna be mean, mixed signals, don't park (I can make her leave)
She's gonna be dead, I just got a magic wand (Don't leave)
We can finally be together
[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
You roll the dice, hit a seven, sure you right
Beginner's luck, you not my first, who gives a fuck?
Your other one evaporate, we celebrate
You under oath, now pick a side and if you don't
(Run, run, run, run)
I'll pick you both
(Run, run, run, run)
It's not a joke, murder she wrote

[Verse 4: Tyler, The Creator]
Ayo, take one look in the mirror, implications so clear
I live life with no fear, except for the idea
That one day you won't be here
I will not fetch the ball
Eyes are green, I eat my vegetables
It has nothin' to do with that broad
But if it did, guarantee she'd be gone, well
I got a plan, 'bout to walk in the pen
If you can't understand, I'm a hawk in the gym
Eyes on the prize, got weight on my chest
That I need to get off, or I ain't talkin' to them
Can't be in the picture if it got no frame
Gon' let the world know 'cause I ain't got no shame
Blow the whole spot up, 'cause I ain't–
I wanna share last names, I wanna be your number one
Not the other one, keep it on the low
I'm in my right mind, keep it on a high
Janis Joplin spillin' feelings, now I'm out here moppin' 'em
Four on the floor, pack up your bags, we hit the store
Grab our supplies, no need for masks, bust through the door
Get the job done like retirement, I admit you look concerned
New magic wand109Embed

911 / Mr. Lonely Lyrics[Part I: 911]

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me) Uh
(Call me, call me, call me)
(Call me) How you doin'?
(Call me) My name is Lonely, nice to meet you
Here's my number
You can reach me, woo!

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
(Call me)
911, call me some time
(You should call me)
911, call me some time
911 (You should call me, oh)
911 (Call me)
[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Aw, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My thirst levels are infinity and beyond
Sippin' on that lemonade, I need a Beyoncé
Can't see straight, these shades are Céline Dion
Sucks you can't gas me up, shout out to Elon
Musk, yeah, I got a sold-out show
Crowd wild out but don't matter 'cause you not front row
I've been lookin' for a keeper, listen to the speaker
If you fit description, hit me on my beeper
At that 911

[Bridge: Steve Lacy, Anna of the North & Tyler, The Creator]
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line, you know I'll answer (click)
Call me some time (ring, ring, ring)
Please bang my line

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Anna of the North]
Call me
911, call me some time
You should call me
911, call me some time
911, (you should call me, oh)
911, (you should call me)
[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
Chirp, chirp
Chirp, chirp
Woke up in the 'burbs, 'burbs, with the birds, birds
Where you used to come and get me with the swerve, swerve
These days you gotta find time
Even the nightline
Work line
Dial nine

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothin', nothin', without you shotgun in the passenger
I'm the loneliest man alive
But I keep on dancing to throw 'em off
I'm gon' run out of moves 'cause I can't groove to the blues
If you know any DJs, tell 'em to call me at 911...
[Part II: Mr. Lonely]

[Intro: A$AP Rocky, ScHoolboy Q, Lionel & Tyler, The Creator]
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old lonely ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Forreal, you need to go somewhere, like, get some bitches or something
I can't even lie, I've been lonely as fuck
Old weird ass nigga
I can't even lie, I've been
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely
[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
They say the loudest in the room is weak
That's what they assume, but I disagree
I say the loudest in the room
Is prolly the loneliest one in the room (That's me)
Attention seeker, public speaker
Oh my God, that boy there is so fuckin' lonely (Woo)
Writin' songs about these people
Who do not exist, he's such a fuckin' phony (Woo)
One thing I know, is that I wanna
Win so bad, but I'm not Chicago
My heart is low, it's real low, it's so low
You can't lift me up, I'm like Gallardo
From the start it's been real dark
It's been so dark, I guess that you could call me charbroiled, huh (Hahaha)
I'm playin' like Hasbro
I'm really Saari, call me Arto
Crashed the McLaren, bought me a Tesla
I know you sick of me talkin' 'bout cars (Skrrt)
But what the fuck else do you want from me?
That is the only thing keepin' me company
Purchase some things until I'm annoyed
These items is fillin' the void (Void)
Been fillin' it for so long
I don't even know if it's shit I enjoy (Ohh, woo)
Current battle as an adult
My partner is a shadow
I need love, do you got some I could borrow?
Fuck it, I could find some tomorrow
But that never comes (Nah)
Like a vasectomy, what have I done? (Ohh)
I got the talent, the face and the funds
Found myself long ago but I haven't found someone (Who)
Mirror, mirror on the wall (Who)
The loneliest of them all (Me)
Cupid actin' stupid
Do you got another number I could call?
Never had a pet
I never had a pet
There's more fish in the sea
But I never had a goldfish to begin with
I never had a dog
So I've never been good with bitches
'Cause I never threw a ball, fetch
I never had a pet, that's where it stems from, I bet
Treat me like direct deposit (-Posit)
Check in on me sometime (Okay)
Ask me how I'm really doin'
So I never have to press that 911

[Outro: Jasper]
Ohh!
Ohh Shit!
Fuck!
Ohh!
Shit!
Ohh!
Damn! Damn!118Embed

Who Dat Boy Lyrics[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is?
Him that ni-gga, I swear
Stand out guy, him don't need no chair
Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here
I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just
Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist
You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet
And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit
Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin
Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt
The boy drips swag like a broken faucet
It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit
That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston
Won't stop 'til the cops surround him
One nigga jiggy and the other awesome
With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him
It's Young T
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that?
Nigga, who dem boys?

[Verse 2: A$AP Rocky]
Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is?
Who else step in this bitch this jig?
Who else your bitch say got a bick this big?
Who else came through with a wrist this flick?
Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance
Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass
Never seen a nigga in this much Raf
Still doin' math when I miss my class
Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine
Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince
Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman
Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time
Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass
Senior citizen, don't forget my pass
Been that nigga and you knew that there
Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dat boy? Who him is?
Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is?
Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga?
Why you niggas feel like that?
Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that
You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that?
Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator & A$AP Rocky]
Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet
From my other fuckin' business ventures
These niggas these days
Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah)
Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas
He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive
(Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention
WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas
Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío
I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo
My mom say she worried because I'm so ill
I should stay in bed, but got too much bread
To make, she said watch my weight
So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals
Get out of my way güey, boy, that's McLaren
That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone
[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Oh, fuck201Embed

Tron Cat Lyrics[Intro]
La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

[Verse]
Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang!)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us (Bitch!)
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead, I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper, nor a rapist, nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the Asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours (Umbrella)
I hate this, screaming, "Fuck patience!"
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest, fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler, The Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yeah (Wolf Gang)
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga’s sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic
[Outro: Dr. TC]
What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?82Embed

Rusty Lyrics[Intro: Jason Dill]
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world-famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"
[Verse 1: Domo Genesis]
Watch me get this money, nigga; tired of being hungry, nigga
Nothing funny, sass me while I'm thrashing, I'ma punch a nigga
Never made of plastic, I'm a savage -- you look lunch, my nigga
Passing all you hating fucking fags we don't discuss, my nigga
We ain't on no jolly shit and we don't pop no Mollies, bitch
I'm hocking, spitting got some niggas out here popping Ollie switch
Buncha novices, Odd Future the squad is thick
Them young niggas is back and brash, attacking with no common sense
We the last of a dying breed
And we don't give a fuck, so we cannot supply your needs
You stupid niggas who had said our hype is dying, please
My pockets solid, making profit off the highest tees
Bitch, merch twerk as I get on the verse, cursing
Nigga Dom so cool, I refer him in third person
Watch me get this money, I'm up when the birds chirping
Make actions, fuck rehearsing
[Hook: Domo Genesis]
Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine
Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, 'cause I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Posers looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the .9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch
[Hook: Domo Genesis]
Nigga, summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine
Summer, fall, wintertime, twenty-four, three-sixty-five
You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time
Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind
You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine

[Verse 3: Earl Sweatshirt, Tyler, The Creator (as Sam)]
This shit just like the nights I look forward to not remembering
So much for being sober, I hope that you can forgive me
But Momma, I'm close to the edge as possible (Why don't you jump, you fucking pussy?)
All I’m seeing is the drop in my ocular, jumping like they told me
That the 40's half off, like you know that cliff
Don't need a therapist to tell him he could float that shit (Fucking faggot)
Or get compared to fucking pair with all the program kids
So maybe a pair of pale bitches for the gonads lick (I'll show you)
Malt liquor filling me up, and all us not giving no fucks and
All of them sensitive chumps in awe when that pistol erupts (Pistol, I got one!)
Dirty one spitting that sumpy raw till his wrists in the cuffs
Brother the Pigeons is us
Bid you goodnight and good luck
(Oh, shut the fuck up!)
(Gunshot)
[Outro: Tyler, the Creator (as Sam)]
Samuel's here! Where's Wolf? Fucking faggot. Salem was mine, bitch! Was that good enough, you fucking pussy?138Embed

GONE, GONE / THANK YOU Lyrics[Part I: GONE, GONE]

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Comparing scars before dinner
Jump off the roof into the mirror
Felt like summer to my December
Was it my August? Shit, I don't remember
(Two, three, go)
I know my temperature was set
You finally flew south
The bird gon' leave the nest, you're so chromatic
At least I had it (Uh)
Instead of never
Or maybe I'm too dramatic
(Two, three, go)
[Chorus: CeeLo Green]
Whether it's rain or shine, I know I'm fine for now
My love's gone, my love's gone
My love's gone, oh, gone
(Two, three, go)
Or maybe it's just a dream that I can't seem to wake up from
My love's gone, my love's gone
My love's gone, gone

[Post-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Gone, gone, gone, gone, gone

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
I know love is, is all I got
I just hope to God she got good taste
Could put you on some shit you never seen
Could play a couple songs that you could dance to
I hope you know she can't compete with me

[Chorus: CeeLo Green]
Whether it's rain or shine, I know I'm fine for now
My love's gone, my love's gone
My love's gone, oh, gone
Or maybe it's just a dream that I can't seem to wake up from
My love's gone, my love's gone
My love's gone, oh, gone
[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
You kept me goin', the Band-Aid is falling off now (Keep)
You kept me goin', the Band-Aid is falling off now (Keep)
You keep me goin', the Band-Aid is falling off now (Gone, gone, gone)
Going away, and now I'm scarred for life

[Interlude: CeeLo Green]
My love is gone (Gone), my love is gone (Gone)
My love is gone (It's gone), my love is gone

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
(My love is gone)
Ayo, it's poison in that gumbo
Emotion, feel Dumbo
Ask me where my love go
That bitch walked outside the front door
(My love is gone)
Knock, knock, knock, knock
I'm not shocked, I brought this on me
It's my fault, you gon' leave
Lesson taught, see
The weatherman told me it wasn't rainin'
My stupid ass brought umbrellas
I got a glimpse of your cloud and felt better
Now it's 90 degrees, and all the tricks up my sleeve
Is drenched in sweat and delusion because I jet to conclusions
You got your thing, I got nothing but memories
I know your secrets, nigga (Yeah)
I'm not bitter or nothing, I understand that
Everybody making a choice according to plan and
We had two different blueprints, but understood influence
You opened up early on, I thought I had a permit
You started buildin' a bridge and turned it into a fence
Then my buildin' got tore down all because of your new tenant
I'll just buy up some new shit, never down with a lease
You never lived in your truth, I'm just happy I lived in it
But I finally found peace, so peace
(Want me do it over? Everything)
[Outro: Jerrod Carmichael]
I hate wasted potential, that shit crushes your spirit
It really does, it crushes your soul
[Part II: THANK YOU]

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Thank you for the love
Thank you for the joy
But I don't ever wanna fall in love again
Thank you for the time
Thank you for your mind, mind
But I don't ever wanna fall in love again

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
(Got my eye)
I said go, go

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Thank you for the love
Thank you for the joy
But I don't ever wanna fall in love again
Thank you for the time
Thank you for your mind, mind
But I don't ever wanna fall in love again

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Again, again
Again, again
(Got my eye)92Embed

Tamale Lyrics[Intro: Tallulah]
Tamale, tamale, tamale, tamale, tamale, tamale, tamale!

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? Ummm
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, bend my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nig​ger
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I call your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned
(I'm just fucking around)
[Chorus 1: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48"? Motherfucker, I'm great (Yeah)
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike
Tire never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease, bitch!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now"
[Chorus 1: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone
[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator]
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch suck dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

[Chorus 2: Tallulah & Tyler, The Creator]
Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na, na, na, na, na, na, na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na, na, na, na, na, na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

[Verse 4: Tyler, The Creator]
How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
And shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me (Yeah)
Up and down, friction make a *fap fap* sound
The shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline
Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing, like—
[Outro: Tyler, The Creator & Christian Clancy]
Oh, shit, aw, fuck
What the fuck?
Aw, I'm sorry
Is that my shirt?
Yeah, sorry, I needed something
Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!
Fuck178Embed

Domo23 Lyrics[Intro]
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

[Verse 1]
Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me halfway, bitch I'm going all-in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco
[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Verse 2]
So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet (No homo, too soon)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be
[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Verse 3]
Wait a Goddamn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall 'cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a Goddamn speaker
Any time you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the goddamn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure
[Hook]
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

[Outro]
Cut it out!
I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce
I don’t want that shit
I don’t want your goddamn lettuce [laughter]143Embed

Bastard Lyrics[Intro]
Yo, yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-Slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album
[Tyler, The Creator as Dr. TC]
Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk 'cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower, so-

[Verse 1]
This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go 'head and fucking eat
My father's dead, well, I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano 'cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga, I'm Satan's son
[Verse 2]
My mother raised me, a single parent, so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important, I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple, but probably not, fuck em

[Verse 3]
I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls: the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot, like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
'Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport
Go to school with this

[Verse 4]
I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs, I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses
Take this shit to school
[Verse 5]
Raquel treat me like my father, like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made "Sarah" to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares are caught, go to sleep

[Verse 6]
I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
"Fuck me," the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal, play this shit in church

[Verse 7: Tyler, The Creator, Dr. TC]
I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother, my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton
Wearing some fucking Heelys

[Verse 8]
I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years
Impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug, oy
I’m bad for your kids to listen to, soy is not the choice
I'm bad milk, drink it
[Interlude: Dr. TC]
Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

[Verse 9]
My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
'Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully mom'll attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

[Outro: Dr. TC]
Wow, umm
So, Tyler, if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?102Embed

I THINK Lyrics[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
(Four, four, four, four)
(Four, skate, four, skate, four, skate, four, skate)

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
I don't know where I’m going (Skate)
But I know what I'm showing (Four)
Feelings, that's what I’m pouring (Skate)
What the fuck is your motive? (Four)
Man, I wish you would call me (Skate)
By your name 'cause I'm sorry (Four)
This is not apology (Skate)
You are such a distraction (Four)
That's what T on, aw (Skate)
Fuckin' up my ambiance, pause (Four)
You drive me cuckoo and not car (Skate)
'Cause I want you like Leon Ware (Fuck that)
Okay, say again it (Fuck that)
Okay, wait a minute (Woah)
I dread that shit, I am Anwar (Skate)
Curiosity killed the feline, gone (Four, skate)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Solange]
I think I've fallen in love (Skate)
This time I think it's for real (Four, skate)
I think I’ve fallen in love (Four, skate)
This time I think it’s for real (Four)
How can I tell you? (Skate) How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you? (Skate) How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you? (Skate) How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you? (Skate) How can I tell you? (Four)

[Post-Chorus: Solange & Tyler, The Creator]
I notice that you're there, but I’m always in your hair
And you're always under my microscope (Four)

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Waste of bread, I need your attention (Skate)
I'm off balance, I need some fixin' (Four)
I’m your puppet, you are Jim Henson (Skate, four)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Solange]
Fallen in love now (Skate)
I think I've fallen in love (Four)
Fell in love now (Skate)
This time I think it's for real (Four)
I think I'm in love now (Skate)
I think I've fallen in love (Four)
I think I'm in love now (Skate)
This time I think it's for real (Four, four)
How can I tell you? (Shut the fuck up)
How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you? (You fuckin' bitch)
How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you? (Skate)
How can I tell you? (Four)
How can I tell you?
Take 'em to the bridge
[Bridge: Tyler The Creator]
(Four, four, four)
Four, four, four, four (Four, skate)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator & Solange]
I think I've fallen in love (Four)
Fell in love now (Skate)
This time I think it's for real (Four)
I think I'm in love now (Skate)
I think I've fallen in love (Four, skate)
This time I think it's for real (Oh, oh, yeah, yeah)

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
(Four, skate, four, skate)83Embed

SMUCKERS Lyrics[Part I]

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
Nigga

[Pre-Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
Money, money, money, money, money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me, nigga, you not important
I'm focused (Two, three, four)
Bring in the horns

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator & Kanye West]
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkins a faggot, please come and get me (Two, three, four)
Said I suckin' at your neck, like a hickey, boy, I'm sicky (Two, three, four)
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, why they called me a demon (Yeah)
And a terrorist? Goddamn it, I couldn't believe it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber (Two, three, four)
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nig​ger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack, and fuck your Snapchat (Man...)
Cherry Bomb the greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound (Two, three, four)
And that shit gon' pop just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop, gas 'em up, thick exhaust (Woo)
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beast is loose (Two, three, four)
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes (Why, oh, why don't they like me? They don't like me, oh)
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
And what we ate was the steaks, now our section is great (Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, don't they like me?)
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my nigga, pass 'em a plate
'Ye!
[Pre-Verse: Kanye West]
Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me? (Two, three, four)
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks (Two, three, four)
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike
[Verse 2: Kanye West & Tyler, The Creator]
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas (Two, three, four)
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin' (Two, three, four)
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin' (Yeah)
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me (Two, three, four)
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em (Two, three, four)
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite of somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?" Yeah, my nigga (Two, three, four)
It's on, it's on, it's on, it's on (Two, three, four)
I know they told they white daughters, "Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype (Woo)
I am the light and the beacon; you can ask the deacon (Ask the deacon)
It's funny, when you get extra money (Two, three, four)
Every joke you tell just be extra funny (Yeah, yeah)
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny (Two, three, four)
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me (Woo) (Two, three, four)
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck
Hold up (Skrrt!)
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level (Two, three, four)
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin' God (Two, three, four)
He said, "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard", uh (Woo)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks, got a trampoline in my room
Damn (Two, three, four)

[Part II]
[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator & Lil Wayne, both]
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted, I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
Hold your fuckin' ponies, my homie
I'll whip your donkey by my lonely, I eat pussy like Shoney's, yeah
It's Tunechi, homie, Master of Ceremonies
I knock 'em down, Domino effect, no pepperoni, I swear
It's them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys (Yeah)
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But it's the two-thou' and (Yeah)
The one-four and the one-five, yo, what up, Wayne?
What up, Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before came
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah), that's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause, nigga, I'm a god, a divine one; Tune! (Two, three, four)
My trigger finger wise, but my 9 dumb (Yeah)
Middle finger blind, so it's fuck A-N-Y-one (Um)
Fuck, skate, and die son, a hundred ways to die, son
I'm starin' at a tramp on lean, make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks, wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rollie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy buddy
Ye, we hittin' models like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel (Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling (Two, three, four)
Boy, let's get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas, I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us, maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys 'cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot, ugh! Son, you need Jesus
But I heard he left Sunset to go on tour with Yeezus (That's too harsh)
Well, I'm prayin' for the new Yeezys
And you pussies prayin' that we squash the beef like zucchini
I know, it ain't gain, nor fame, nor tame
Or lame, nor strange, nah, faggot, it's Golf Wang385Embed

FUCKING YOUNG / PERFECT LyricsPart 1 - FUCKING YOUNG
[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Day that I met you, girl
I knew that it was something special
But I couldn't put my finger on it (Fuck, I can't sing, whatever, look)
We met through mutual friends (Mutual friends)
And this is where the story and confusion began
'Cause I was at nirvana but I had to pretend that I wasn't
[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause
[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
A six-year (Difference)
Is a ten year (Sentence)
And with the (Pigment) on my skin
I don't want to be another (Statistic)
You bring me (Joy, joy, joy, joy)
And you fill a void that was once missing
And (I can say I'm in love)
[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love
[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
When you're 35, I'll be 41, and when I'm 27, you'll be 21
Yo, this is dumb, and when that time comes for that 1-8
I'll probably run, 'cause I'm fucking terrified
Yo this is dumb, you should find someone else
I'm not the one for you, shit, I'm still growing up by myself
And mentally you're older than me and that shit doesn't help
'Cause if they see you with T, they'll think T needs some help
So when you mention "hang," I'm thinking about a tree and a belt
And I don't want no relation, shit no relation
Ship when my dick is longer than my attention-
Span, it's gonna suck if shit, hits that kitchen fan
And splatter on me like my dick in my hand
What? I'm still fucking off, not good at ducking off
Because I found a goose that I like, but I'm still running off
She gon' want a nest, that's why I cannot get fucking caught
That's a scary word, you could save that shit for the birds, um
But I found my wings, fuck

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
(But you're too fucking young)
I really like you
I don't know what to do
(And when temptation calls, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young)
Funny thing about this is
By the time you hear this
It won't even matter
I'll be in the clear, haha
It's T and Uncle Charlie!
But you're too young
But you're too young
But you're too young
Part 2 - PERFECT
[Intro: Kali Uchis]
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared (I know)

[Verse 1: Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator]
I know that there could be
Somethin' for you and me
What's your philosophy?
You're scared, scared
And I’ll exit and wait a while
Just say the word girl
Can't you see the answers are all there
But I'm just too blind to see
You and I are cut from different fabric
I wanna rock, I wanna rock with you girl
Don't be too material to see
But I'm just too blind to see
Somehow, this world is such a struggle just to be
Fuck 'em all baby, it's just you and me

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
But you're too fuckin' young
And girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin’ hurts
Fuck, 'cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one
That you're the one, for me
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me, yeah

[Outro]
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)242Embed

Trashwang Lyrics[Intro: Na'kel, Tyler, The Creator, Lee Spielman]
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes--
Hold on, hold on, hold on, run that shit back!
(This is a DJ Stankdaddy exclusive!)
I want the Black kids to like me for this one, man
Trashwang! Woah!
Illegal CIV!
Trashwang! Yo!
Golf Wang!
Trashwang!
[Verse 1: Na'kel]
Bitch, I'm with the fucking extras
Big dog, cup full of egg nog
Don't give a fuck 'bout shit but clips and Camp Flog Gnaw
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes
They just slob knob in New York shows
Thirsty for the clips till I'm not flow
Pusha Georgia trip, bitch I got it poppin'
Me and Jasper going coffin shopping
Nose of the board see a lotta boxes
Bitches see the boy and they mouth be frothing
Chain is glossing
Bitch
[Hook: Left Brain]
Trashwang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

[Bridge: Left Brain]
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, roll a blunt
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, that's what's up
Trashwang, nigga, roll a blunt

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil B, nigga
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
Difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel
[Verse 3: Jasper Dolphin]
55 grams in that blunt, nigga
I face that
Just copped that motherfucker bimmer, nigga
I race that
Keep talking that shit
I'll pull your card
Get chipped like that nigga from Stomp The Yard
Don't fuck with Jasper
He a retard
Kill your motherfucking grandma and have your family scarred

[Verse 4: Tyler, The Creator]
Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-
[Hook: Left Brain]
Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers
[Verse 5: Taco]
Bimmers for days
White bitches is slaves
Niggas ain't with that warfare
My goons got aim
100 racks before 18
200 before I hit 6 feet
Nigga we bout it bout it
Yo bitch try to suck my dick
[Verse 6: Lucas Vercetti]
Holding up my chain
Versace Flocka Flame
Pull up in the tank
Cock back and aim (ouch)
Spitting my verse wearing gold fangs
I'm loading up the nine shouting Golf Wang
Your bitch tattoo
It say my name
Sachee Santana
Nigga bird gang
Supreme team
Seventh veil
Paying all these ratchet's
(Phone bills) Phone bills
Bills, bills, bills...

[Interlude: L-Boy]
(What) Yeah
Y'all niggas thought it was a game
We shutting the motherfucking shit down now nigga
It's over for you bitch niggas
I'm here with my nigga nasty Nak', Mr. Versace
Wolf Haley in this motherfucker
Jasper The Motherfucking Dolphin
And my nigga, Mike G
We taking this shit over
Its shut down for you bitch niggas
I got the Tec
I'm bustin' at y'all bitches heads nigga
Fuck all you niggas
It's getting hot in here

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click [gunshot]
(What the fuck was that?)69Embed

A BOY IS A GUN* Lyrics[Refrain]
No, don't shoot me down (Yeah)
No, don't shoot me down (Okay)
No, don't shoot me down

[Chorus]
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
(You started with a mere hello)
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
You got me by my neck (A boy is a gun)
That's why these other niggas lame to us
'Cause all these other niggas lame as fuck
We show 'em no respect

[Post-Chorus]
(You started with a mere hello)
When the time's right, yeah
When the time's right, baby
When the time's right (A boy is a gun)
(Turn me up a little bit)
[Refrain]
No, don't shoot me down
[Verse 1]
Take your hoodie off, why you hide your face from me?
Make your fuckin' mind up, I am sick of waitin' patiently
How come you're the best to me? I know you're the worst for me
Boy, you're sweet as sugar, diabetic to the first degree
My spidey sensies got me on the fencies
Whole squad in Ginza, travel bag by Balenci'
Big dawg hittin' big wheelies on the six speed

[Refrain]
No, don't shoot me down

[Chorus]
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
(You started with a mere hello)
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
You got me by my neck (A boy is a gun)
That's why these other niggas lame to us
'Cause all these other niggas lame as fuck
They show 'em no respect

[Post-Chorus]
(You started with a mere hello)
When the time's right (Yeah)
When the time's right, baby
When the time's right (A boy is a gun)
(Look)
No, don't shoot me down
[Verse 2]
Oh, you passive-aggressive? Oh, you fakin' you're mad?
(You started with a mere hello)
Oh, you wanna go home? Cool, you better call you a cab
I ain't takin' you home, yeah, I'm brushin' you off
'Cause this parka is Comme, you're my favorite garçon
Don't leave, stay right here, yeah, I want you right near
(You started with a mere hello)
You invited me to breakfast, why the fuck your ex here?
Well, let's see if you 'round a god around this time next year

[Refrain]
No, don't shoot me down
No, don't shoot me down (Fucked up)
No, don't shoot me down
No, don't shoot me down

[Chorus]
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
(You started with a mere hello)
You so motherfuckin' dangerous
You got me by my neck (A boy is a gun)
That's why I start to think it's lame as fuck
(Well, I'm here for you)

[Post-Chorus]
(You started with a mere hello)
When the time's right (Yeah)
When the time's right, baby
When the time's right (A boy is a gun)
[Refrain]
No, don't shoot me down

[Bridge]
(You started with a mere hello)
You're a gun 'cause I like you on my side at all times
You keep me safe  (No, don't shoot me down)
(You started with a mere hello)
Wait, wait, depending on, you know (All the time)
You could be dangerous to me (Time, time)
Or anyone else
[Verse 3]
Look, they be bringin' us up
(You started with a mere hello)
Yeah, like now and again
Give a fuck what they talkin' 'bout, I see you as a 10
I'ma leave it at that, I'ma leave us as friends
'Cause the irony is I don't wanna see you again
Stay the fuck away from me
Stay the fuck away from me
Stay the fuck away from me
I ain't gon' repeat myself, but stay the fuck away from me

[Outro]
(You started with a mere hello)
(A boy is a gun)
No, don't shoot me down
(You started with a mere hello)
(A boy is a gun)71Embed

WUSYANAME Lyrics[Intro: Tyler, The Creator, Ty Dolla $ign & DJ Drama]
Something real, yeah
Baby
Oh nah, we don't do backpack
Haha, my pick up line and shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I got your bitch movin'
Call me when you get lost

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator & Ty Dolla $ign]
Aw, you look malnourished (Malnourished)
Let's get some bread, fry it in egg yolk and drown it in syrup (Drown it in syrup)
You pick a spot, I pick a tail number and we could be tourists (Ooh, yeah)
Let's go to Cannes and watch a couple indie movies that you never heard of (Baby)
Listen to bands, groove and we dance
Disco in France, smell some perfume, head in the wind (In the wind)
We can switch off
I can show you how you can really exfoliate skin
If you got a man, you should cut it off
Get your passport 'cause we runnin' off (Run off)
We can sit and talk
You can tell me everything that's on your chest, baby, get it off
You are my type, you a bright light
I'm like a moth, this is not a game (This is not a game)
But before we start (Before I say)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator,  both & Ty Dolla $ign]
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(What's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Oh, girl)
Yeah

[Verse 2: YoungBoy Never Broke Again, Tyler, The Creator & Ty Dolla $ign]
What is your name, what do you bring? (Yeah)
I think that I got what you need
And I'm willin' to do anything that you please (Baby)
I'm tryna get down to the root of the apple
The deepest I could in them jeans
McLaren like Sonic, can't speak, no
No, you can't hit my lean, no (Baby)
Baby, tell me where the piece go, 'cause I'm lost
Your body compared to the fashion
I hope you ain't proud of the shit that I bought (Baby)
'Cause money, it don't mean a thing
I value the times that I take you out
One minute, it's a beautiful scene
Then it probably end with me bein' took out, woah-oh
Think slow, 'cause I move fast (Oh, me)
[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator, both & Ty Dolla $ign]
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Check it out)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Tell me)
(Oh, what's your name?)
What's your name, girlfriend, what's your name? (Yeah)
(Oh-oh)
Yeah

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator, Ty Dolla $ign & DJ Drama]
Since when did I bring a C5?
I wanna know your name
I feel like I had your name
Oh-oh, oh, oh, ooh, ooh
Stop playin' and let me pay your momma debt off, haha74Embed

